One is then you see you find
of course a shame because also if where
then children will play football
just what I said if do n't make beautiful
price for that but I am not leaving now
it was the situation that it did
was but got a good price with
yes with everything included only after harm
parcels bank guarantee and that is
of course very logical
so and so nak was actually not
satisfied with what they still had and then
that for me no reason to be with
finantien and to talk the bike
bank guarantee the love you a servant
it only show that they had not
closing time of the transfer period
what understand what we play with fire is
from to trantridge complete piece
went wrong not too long ago with
ambar, for example, no bank guarantee
no money
no whatever i say that i understand
complete the club and then I cut too
completely behind and what I said whole
anti go to the bank she wants to give
only they did not arrive on time
so what we have the little the child of
the bill new
yes that 's right but I don't mind
at least i almost i play i have i
full confidence and if you like you
see how i receive this
match by the supporters with all
banners and
chanting my name you'll
back then you actually want
whole life almost I remain like this as you
makes beautiful
but of course you know yourself that you
ever
make enough step and
around the club
I also want the club to help my
great release now goes in the winter break
happen that we switch to it
arina view and tens
The clubs have agreed to the
winter and try to talk like it
well the amount and everything is the club
remains the same because there was a club
satisfied with it i think i hope they will
have enough time to make a good replacement
for me it's a bank guarantee
14 a man to get
and then be as beautiful as me in the
winter break make a bag but then
I focus entirely on the club and all
I want to play matches for 90 minutes and
just help the team and
I prefer all matches
win but goes
hopefully it will happen